whatever I decide to do I'm gonna be
starting a new career from scratch it's
gonna be a while before I make a living
at it maybe now's not the right time to
be starting a family so you have to tell
Monica you don't want to have a baby
right now
yeah goodbye okay it's baby time pants
off Bing didn't see you there Geller
yeah Ross is here so uh uh-huh
yeah and I was really hoping that maybe
you know I could hang out you know what
do you uh what do you feel like doing
well we're gonna have sex though feel
like having sex maybe maybe we can watch
a movie or something let me put it this
way
we're having sex whether you're here or
not pants off Bing hey blue tie that
would go with this Emma spit up online
oh yeah but you have to give it back if
I get a job of course by that time in
the future tiles will be obsolete and
we'll all be wearing silver jumpsuits
hey lover I gotta say after last night
I'm a little weak in the knees here's
the idea you walk into a room take a
quick scam
sorry but I have this feeling that we
may have made a baby last night oh god I
have to tell you something you're not
pregnant
what are you talking about well that
thing that I have to do to make a baby I
faked it what you faked it you know what
I don't need a tie I mean it's it's it's
better open collar you know so casual
you faked it you you couldn't have faked
it well you see can't just make the
faces and the noises guys can fake it
unbelievable the one thing that's ours
some days why would you fake it when
we're trying to have a baby well that's
actually why look I'm starting a whole
new career now and I I'm not saying I
don't want to have a baby I'm just
saying maybe we could wait a little
while like like a month or a year really
you want to wait a year what could be
less than a year I mean you've heard my
stuff pants like shorts but longer it'll
probably be more than a year I really
want to have a baby yeah me too look uh
I'll just get my old job back no I want
you to have a job that you love not
statistical analysis and data
reconfiguration I quit and you learn
what I do
I think there's never gonna be a right
time to have a baby I mean now you're
unemployed and in a little while it'll
find a new job that'll keep you really
busy and this always gonna be a reason
not to do this but I think once the baby
comes forget about all those reasons I
guess it's always gonna be scary when we
have a baby
it's could it'd be really scary thank
God and we have a baby there's there's
gonna be so much that that we're not
able to control the apartment is gonna
be a mess I won't have time to clean it
what if the baby gets into the ribbon
drawer this is up all the ribbons what
if there's no room for a ribbon drawer
because the baby stuff takes up all the
space where all the ribbons go should we
go make a baby right now before you
change your mind yes please oh and I
promise I will not fake it this time
well I wish I could say the same